4806-document-different-ways-to-execute-queries-against-iox (#4836)
influxdata/docs-v2: layouts/shortcodes/sql/sql-schema-intro.md

> When working with InfluxDB's implementation of SQL, a **bucket** is equivalent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with the InfluxDB SQL implementation, a **bucket** is equivalent
```
